Okay, so let's have a look at the type
of errors that can be generated from a load balancer.
So a successful request is going to be 200,
which is pretty standard,
but then if the clients did do an error,
so if your web browser, for example, did do an error,
you're going to receive a 4XX type of error, okay.
You don't need to remember all that I'm going to give you,
but it just to give you illustrations.
So 400 is bad request, 401 is unauthorized,
403 is forbidden, 460 is client closed connection,
463 is that the header X-forwarded for was malformed, okay,
and anything that is going to be an error
on the server side, so it could be the load balancer,
or it could be your backend EC2 instances,
is going to be a 5xx type of code.
So 500 means that there is an internal server error,
502 is bad gateway, 503 is service unavailable,
which is when your EC2 instances are not available
to send back the reply to the load balancer,
which is an important code to know,
504 is gateway timeouts, and 561 is unauthorized, okay.
So from an exam perspective,
just remember that 4XX codes are client-side errors,
so it hints at a client problem,
and 5xx errors are going to be server problems, okay.
So this is just for you to be able to determine
the kind of metrics to look at on your load balancer.
So talking about metrics on your load balancer.
So there are metrics pushed directly from the ALB,
I mean to any load balancer really, to CloudWatch metrics.
So it could be backend connection errors to monitor
if you're EC2 instances are erroring out.
UnHealthyHostCount and a HealthyHostCount
is super important, which is illustrated right here.
So say you have a load balancer, six instances,
and two of them are down.
So, in this case, the HealthyHostCount is going to be four,
and the UnHealthyHostCount is going to be two, okay.
Just to illustrate it, but this is important to see it once.
Next, the number of times that there was a 2XX
successful request in the backend, 3XX, 4XX,
which is hinting at the client error codes,
and 5XX, which is hinting at server error codes, okay.
Then we have latency information.
So how fast is it to get a request back to the clients?
The RequestCounts, which is the overall
request counts for your ALB,
the RequestCountPerTarget, which is very interesting,
which is how many EC2 instances receive
a request on average,
which is a good metric to monitor and to scale on,
and the SurgeQueueLength.
So this is the number of total number of requests
that are pending and being routed
to healthy instances, okay,
and this can help, for example, scale out your ASG.
The max value is 1000,
so you don't want to have a big queue of request.
You want to make sure that, of course,
this queue remains close, the queue remains close to zero.
And Spillover is that the number of requests
that were rejected because the queue was full, okay.
And this is something you never want
to have better over zero.
That means that if you're over zero,
you need to really scale your backend
to serve these additional requests
and that the clients are losing some requests.
Now if you wanted to troubleshoot using metrics.
So a 400: Bad_Request means that the client
sent a malformed request.
A 503 means that, again, there are no healthy instances
available for your load balancer,
and so you could have a look
at the HealthyHostCount, metric, and CloudWatch.
A 504 is a Gateway Timeout.
So check if the keep-alive setting on your EC2 instances
are enabled, and make sure that a keep-alive timeout
is greater than the idle timeout setting
of the load balancer.
And, overall, set alarms for your load balancer
and troubleshoot using the documentation.
I recommend you take a look at this link just to understand
things better, and you'll be good to go.
Next, for your load balancer access logs, okay.
So these are the access logs from the load balancer,
and they can be stored in S3, and they will contain
all the requests made to your load balancer.
So this includes just the metadata, though,
so the time, the client IP address, the latencies,
request paths, server response, trace ID,
and you're only going to pay for the S3 storage
of sending these logs to Amazon S3.
It's very helpful for compliance reason and for debugging,
and it's helpful to keep access data even after the ELB
or your EC2 instances are terminated.
And the access logs are encrypted for additional security.
Finally, for request tracing, so there is a request tracing.
There is a custom header called X-Amzn-Trace-Id
that is being added to every HTTP request.
And here's an example.
So this is going to be very helpful in logs
or for distributed tracing platforms
to track a single request.
But just so you know, the ALB is not yet integrated
with X-Ray, so you're not going to see that request tracing
appearing in X-Ray just yet,
but I will update it as soon as this is available.
So let's have a look at our DemoALB
and look at the different monitoring options.
So, first of all, under Monitoring,
as you can see right here, I'm able to have a look
at all the metrics available for my load balancer.
So we have some very interesting ones,
which are the Target Response Time,
which gives us some insights to latency,
number of requests over time,
which is good to evaluate load.
We get a bunch of error code metric,
which allows us to understand
where the problem is coming from.
Is it coming from a server error,
or an application error, and so on?
We also have a look, for example,
at the Active Connection Count.
This is a very popular metric
to scale on for an auto scaling group.
And we can have a look, for example,
at the Consumed Load Balancer Capacity Units,
which represents how much we are paying
for this load balancer,
how much we're actually consuming of its scale.
So this is pretty good.
The other thing we can look at is around the logs.
So, and look at the Attributes right here.
I can edit them, and if I scroll down,
I will have the access logs for monitoring.
I can enable it, and this will make sure
that all requests that are sent to my load balancer
are sent into an S3 bucket.
So we have to just define an S3 bucket for logging
with, maybe, a prefix, and we could have all the access logs
available there, and we can query, for example,
these access logs using the Amazon Athena service.
So that's it for this lecture.
I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.